V1 Consumer docs for WARP Linux client (#1282)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/warp-client/src/content/setting-up/linux.md

---
title: Linux
order: 6
---

# Linux desktop client

## Steps to install

> 1. [Setup repository](https://pkg.cloudflare.com/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Find the [setup repository](https://pkg.cloudflare.com/).
```

1. Install the `cloudflare-warp` package depending on your distro:

>     1. **apt-based OS** (ex. Ubuntu) `sudo apt install cloudflare-warp`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. **apt-based OS** (e.g., Ubuntu) `sudo apt install cloudflare-warp`
```

>     2. **yum-based OS** (ex. Centos or RHEL) `sudo yum install cloudflare-warp`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. **yum-based OS** (e.g., CentOS or RHEL) `sudo yum install cloudflare-warp`
```

## Using WARP

> ### warp-cli

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> This is the primary command line interface with using WARP. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command line interface is the primary way to use WARP.
```

### Initial Connection
To connect for the very first time you must call `register` first:
1. Register the client `warp-cli register`
1. Connect `warp-cli connect`

> 1. Run `curl https://www.cloudflare.com/cdn-cgi/trace/` and verify that warp=on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run `curl https://www.cloudflare.com/cdn-cgi/trace/` and verify that `warp=on`
```

### Switching modes
You can use `warp-cli set-mode --help` to get a list of the modes to switch between. For instance:

- DNS Only mode via DoH would be accomplished with `warp-cli set-mode doh`
- WARP with DoH `warp-cli set-mode warp+doh`

### Using 1.1.1.1 for Families
The Linux client supports all 1.1.1.1 for Familes modes wither either WARP on or in pure DNS only mode
- Families off `warp-cli set-families-mode off`
- Malware protection `warp-cli set-families-mode malware`
- Malware + Adult Content `warp-cli set-families-mode full`

### Additional commands
A complete list of all supported commands can be found by running `warp-cli --help`

## Feedback

> Logs required to debug WARP issues can be found by running `sudo warp-diag` which will place a `warp-debugging-info.zip` file in the path where you ran the command from.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find logs required to debug WARP issues by running `sudo warp-diag`. This will place a `warp-debugging-info.zip` file in the path from which you ran the command.
```

> To report bugs or provide feedback to the team use the command `sudo warp-diag feedback` which will submit a support ticket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To report bugs or provide feedback to the team use the command `sudo warp-diag feedback`. This will submit a support ticket.
```
